

                           LITTLE MEN



                           Written by

                  Ira Sachs & Mauricio Zacharias






                                    SHOOTING SCRIPT: July 27, 2015




1   INT. UPPER WEST SIDE SCHOOL/CLASSROOM - DAY                   1

    Loud conversation, laughter, singing, and even dancing: the
    teacher is missing in a 7th Grade classroom. This rare
    absence of authority is intensely enjoyed by the crowd. It
    looks like it's party time for these KIDS.

    They talk and laugh, show each other photos on their phones,
    draw spaceships and baboons on their notebooks, and fold
    pieces of paper into airplanes that fly around the room.

    In a corner, a GROUP OF GIRLS dance to the tune of a song
    they are listening to on headphones.

    On the other side of the room, TWO BOYS play like in a sword
    fight, without swords.

    Suddenly, someone turns out the lights. There's random
    shouting and laughter.

    An overhead projector is turned on, and a couple of the kids
    start to make puppet figures that are seen on the white
    screen.

    A door opens, and a voice is heard, grave and authoritative.

                        MR. PLUMMER (O.S.)
              What is going on here?!

    The kids scramble back to their seats as the lights go on.
    MR. PLUMMER, the teacher, has come in.

                        MR. PLUMMER
              What is this mess?? Didn't you
              promise me to be quiet? Can't I
              even leave you alone for five
              minutes?? Lionel, sit down. Sit
              down, I said! Melissa, put your
              phone away. Put it away right now!
              I asked you to be quiet, and...
              look at you. What a disappointment.

    Mr. Plummer wanders around the classroom, inspecting
    everyone. Each kid has a different reaction. Some are
    frightened, others think it's funny. Some are respectful, and
    some others, defiant.

    The teacher stops by a desk that's covered by a VERY COLORFUL
    DRAWING, while the STUDENT rushes to put away his large
    collection of Caran d'Ache pencils neatly in the box.

                        MR. PLUMMER (CONT'D)
              Jacob, what is this?
                  Shooting Script 07/27/15               2.


JACOB "JAKE" JARDINE is pale and slender, with straight black
hair, a bit longer than the other kids, and deep brown eyes -
pretty in a delicate way, and shy, different from the other
tougher boys in the class.

                    JAKE
          It's the sky, Mr. Plummer.

Mr. Plummer picks up his drawing and shows it to the class.

                    MR. PLUMMER
          A green sky with yellow stars??

                    JAKE
              (barely audible)
          It's Camp Jupiter's sky.

                    MR. PLUMMER
          Watch out, Jacob: Vincent van Gogh
          ended up cutting off his own ear.

Some of the boys have a ball with this. Girls cover their
mouths not to laugh out loud. Jake blushes, his eyes fill up
with quiet, angry tears; he wasn't even talking to anyone,
he was just drawing, doing his thing. Life is so unfair.

                    MR. PLUMMER
          Quiet!! I said quiet, everybody!
          This is not a playroom. It's not an
          art studio. Much less a disco, Ms.
          Neves. It's a classroom. It is my
          classroom, and I asked you to be
          quiet. A simple request, and you
          showed me you don't know how to
          behave yourselves. Was I talking to
          the walls? Amanda, please collect
          everybody's homework, and bring
          them to me.

AMANDA, the teacher's favorite, promptly goes around the
class collecting homework. The individual students now listen
intently to Mr. Plummer's speech. But there are exceptions;
one or two still defy his authority, swallowing a laughter
that cannot contain itself.

                    MR. PLUMMER (O.S.)
          If I had to leave the class, it is
          because I had something very
          important to do. I come back, and I
          see you screaming and dancing!
          There's a saying, it's an old
          saying, that says: "Silence is
          golden." Write this down, children.
          "
                    (MORE)
                      Shooting Script 07/27/15                  3.

                        MR. PLUMMER (O.S.) (CONT'D)
              Silence is golden but my eyes still
              see. Talking is cheap, people
              follow like sheep."

    Mr. Plummer writes this up on the board. Jake, instead of
    writing, furiously draws a wild dancing cobra on his
    notebook.

                        MR. PLUMMER
              What does this mean?

    Amanda raises her hand, ready to give an answer.

                        MR. PLUMMER
              Not now, Amanda. I want you all to
              write down your thoughts on this:
              "silence is golden."

    He underlines "silence is golden" on the board.

                        MR. PLUMMER (CONT'D)
              Every child is to write an essay on
              its meaning. Two pages minimum.
              That's your homework for tomorrow.
              Don't even come to the class if you
              haven't done it! Now, let's open
              our books. Page 23. Lionel, start
              reading from the top. Stand up,
              please. Stand up so we can all hear
              you.


2   EXT. UPPER WEST SIDE SCHOOL - DAY                                2

    Large groups of KIDS are coming out through the main gate of
    the school. PILAR, a Filipino woman in her 50's, waits
    outside looking attentively at every kid who walks out. She
    sees the one she's looking for.

    In the middle of different groups and cliques, Jake comes
    walking alone.

                        PILAR
              Jake! Jake! Hey, Jake! Here!

    Jake sees her, then runs and gives her a big hug, longer than
    expected.

                        PILAR
              Hey hey hey. Look at you.

    She ruffles his hair lovingly.
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15               4.


                         JAKE
               What happened?

                         PILAR
               Your parents are going to be coming
               home very late tonight. Come on.
               Let's go.

     They begin to walk together away from the school.

                         JAKE
               I'm thirsty.

                         PILAR
               We can stop by Papaya King on the
               way home.

                            JAKE
               Yes!


2A   EXT. UPPER WEST SIDE STREET - DAY                         2A

     Jake and Pilar are walking. Jake now has a drink from Papaya
     King in his hand.

                         PILAR
               Listen, Jake. It's your
               grandfather Max. There have been
               some... developments.



                            JAKE
               Some what?

                         PILAR
               I mean, he got sick, and had to go
               to the hospital.

                         JAKE
               Sick with what?

                         PILAR
               I'm sure your parents will talk to
               you when they get home. But I'm
               going to make dinner for you. What
               do you want?

     He thinks for a moment.
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15               5.


                         JAKE
               I don't know.
                   (pause)
               What happened to Grandpa Max?

                         PILAR
               When you're old, things happen,
               Jake. C'mon, let's make the light.
               We need to get to the grocery.

     They cross the street and continue on.


2B   INT. UPPER WEST SIDE APARTMENT/JAKE'S ROOM - DAY          2B

     Jake is at his desk working on a drawing.


3    INT. UPPER WEST SIDE APARTMENT/KITCHEN & LIVING ROOM - DAY 3

     A comfortable, but cramped, NYC apartment.

     In the kitchen, Pilar is preparing a steaming pot of
     caldereta, Filipino beef stew.

     A phone starts ringing, and Jake storms out of his bedroom.

                         PILAR
               Hey! Did you finish your homework?

     Jake grabs the phone.

                         JAKE
               Jardine residence, good evening.

     We hear the voice on the other end of the line.

                          STU GERSHMAN (O.S.)
                   (over the phone)
               Good evening. And who am I talking
               to?

                         JAKE
               Who is this?

                         STU GERSHMAN (O.S.)
                   (over the phone)
               This is Stu Gershman, I'm an old
               friend of Max Jardine's. Is this
               Jacob?

                         JAKE
               Yes.
                    Shooting Script 07/27/15             6.


                    STU GERSHMAN (O.S.)
              (over the phone)
          Oh Jacob, last time I saw you, you
          were a little baby. I guess you're
          all grown up now.

                       JAKE
          Umm...

                    STU GERSHMAN (O.S.)
              (over the phone)
          Is your dad at home? Your mom?

                    JAKE
          No, they're not home yet.

                    STU GERSHMAN (O.S.)
              (over the phone)
          Oh well. I'm calling because... I'm
          very sorry to hear about your
          grandfather, Jacob. Max and I knew
          each other for so long, we met when
          we were about your age. You must be
          - what, ten now?

                       JAKE
          Twelve.

                    STU GERSHMAN (O.S.)
          He was such a dear old friend of
          mine, your granddaddy was. Do you
          know when the service is going to
          be?

                    JAKE
          What service?

                    STU GERSHMAN (O.S.)
              (over the phone)
          The funeral. I imagine there's
          going to be a service soon?

Jake pauses to take this in - he has just learned that his
grandfather has died.

                    JAKE
          Hold on a second.

He goes to the kitchen and gives the phone to Pilar.

                       PILAR
          Who is it?
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15              7.


                        JAKE
              I don't know.


4   EXT. JARDINE HOUSE/CASA DE MODA - DAY                         4

    LEONOR CALVELLI rolls down the metal shutters of a Brooklyn
    storefront. A sign above reads "CASA DE MODA". It's the
    ground floor commercial space of a two-story row house on a
    commercial street in Brooklyn. She pushes down the last bit
    of the gate with her foot to lock it up. You can still go in
    and out through a door space that's open. She lights up a
    cigarette and leans on the gate, calmly surveying the street -
    a daily routine.

    Leonor is in her early 50's, dark hair and dark eyes, her
    beauty toughened up by a hard life. After a few puffs, she
    hears a car parking in front, doors open and close. Leonor
    recognizes someone, and throws her cigarette out. She opens
    the door, and calls inside the store.

                        LEONOR
              Antonio! Antonio!

                          TONY (O.S.)
              What?!

                        LEONOR
              Come! Come here!*

    *- Throughout the film, italics will indicate when Leonor,
    Tony and others speak Spanish.

    She forces a smile, greeting the still unknown visitor, then
    she turns to inside and calls again, impatiently.

                          LEONOR
              Antonio!!


5   EXT. JARDINE HOUSE/CASA DE MODA - DAY                         5

    Across the street from Leonor, Jake is helping his parents
    BRIAN and KATHY JARDINE get plates of food wrapped in
    cellophane and other catering goods from out of the car. The
    couple, dressed in formal dark clothes, have the youthful
    look of people who can afford to take a nice vacation once a
    year.

    Jake sees when ANTONIO "TONY" CALVELLI, a handsome 13 year
    old boy with dark hair and eyes, comes running out from
    inside the store, and stops next to Leonor.
                    Shooting Script 07/27/15               8.


                    LEONOR
          What were you doing?? If I say
          `come here', you have to come. Give
          them a hand. Go.

But Tony doesn't move, unsure of what to do. He looks at
Jake, who is looking at him.

Brian drops a plate in Jake's hands and goes towards Leonor,
with an extended hand.

                     BRIAN
          Hello Mrs. Calvelli. Brian Jardine,
          we've met.

                    LEONOR
          Of course, Brian. I'm so sad for
          what has happened. I'm so sorry.

Jake sees when Leonor, suddenly overtaken by emotion, grabs
his father's hand and pulls him closer for a hug, which makes
Brian visibly uncomfortable. Leonor tries to hide her tears.

                    LEONOR
          I'm sorry. Your father was a such a
          wonderful man.

                       BRIAN
          Thank you.

                    LEONOR
          He really was, you know.

                       BRIAN
          I know.

                    LEONOR
          This is my son Antonio.

Kathy approaches, carrying a plate of food.

                    BRIAN
          I don't think you've met my wife
          Kathy.

                    LEONOR
          Hi. Nice to meet you. Leonor.

Kathy smiles warmly, as Brian opens the door to the house.

                    KATHY
          So nice to meet you too. Sorry, my
          hands are full.
                  Shooting Script 07/27/15               9.


                    BRIAN
          We're having a little reception
          upstairs. Just family and a few
          friends.

                       LEONOR
          Of course.

Brian and Kathy go upstairs with their bags.

Left alone by the car, Jake tries to grab a sketchbook from
inside as he balances the big plate of food with his other
hand and then, a bit clumsy, ends up dropping the bag.

Tony is suddenly there to help him out. He kneels down to
pick up pages with drawings, pencils and stuff spilling out
of the bag, immediately recognizing the first drawing he sees
- a girl with red wings flying through a thundercloud.

                    TONY
          Ella the Harpy!

                    JAKE
          Can you hand that to me?

                    TONY
          She's a nerd, but I have a thing
          for redheads... Don't you?

                    JAKE
          Here, pass me that. I can carry it.

In the distance, Leonor watches, while Tony helps by pulling
another set of plates and bottles out of the car, organizing
a crate to be carried off.

                    TONY
          Tyson is such a douchebag.

                    JAKE
          Not in the end, he's not. I just
          finished The Blood of Olympus.

                    TONY
          I have the game, wanna play?

                    JAKE
          Now? I'd like to, but... I can't.
          It's my grandfather's--

                    TONY
          I know. I never know what to say in
          these situations.
                    Shooting Script 07/27/15            10.


                    JAKE
          I think you're supposed to say,
          "I'm sorry for your loss."

                    TONY
          That's right! I'm sorry for your
          loss.

                    JAKE
          Oh, that's okay.

Tony finds one last drawing that was left on the floor in the
car.

                    TONY
          Wait a minute: what's this one
          here?

                    JAKE
          It's the sky.

                    TONY
          Did you make this??

                    JAKE
          Yeah, it's the sky above Camp
          Jupiter, the day of the battle.

                    TONY
          You're a real artist!

                    JAKE
          Not really.

                    TONY
          Of course you are. This is awesome!
          You know you'll really like this
          neighborhood.

                     JAKE
          We don't live here. It's just a
          reception.

                    TONY
          It's become a very bohemian area.
          You know what bohemian means?

                     JAKE
          Yeah...

                    TONY
          Very artistic.
                      Shooting Script 07/27/15              11.


                        BRIAN (O.S.)
              Got it, son?

    Brian is back by the car to pick up the stuff.

                        BRIAN
              You okay with that, Antonio?

                        TONY
              You can call me Tony.

                        BRIAN
              Well thank you, Tony. I appreciate
              the help.

    The two boys follow Brian towards the house, the three of
    them carrying plates and bags.


6   INT. JARDINE APARTMENT/FAMILY AREA - DUSK                     6

    The apartment is old and in desperate need of a paint job.
    It's a large space, crammed with the stuff of a long life.
    There are family photos, piles of National Geographic
    magazines next to faded velvety couches and solid furniture.
    A small, vintage color TV sits alone in the corner.

    There's a quiet reception going on, with most people wearing
    black, or dark colors, and talking softly to each other.
    Amongst the mostly older friends and relatives of the
    deceased are Brian's sister AUDREY and her husband JAMES, and
    their teenage son, LIAM, dressed in a suit. They are sitting
    on a couch next to Brian, leafing through a photo album.

                        BRIAN
              Let me see. That was our first year
              in the house. Look; I still had
              braces.

                        AUDREY
              Dad looks so young here.

                        BRIAN
              He was a handsome guy.

                        AUDREY
              Listen to you.

                        BRIAN
              What?

                        AUDREY
              You look just like him, and you
              know it. Can I have this? Please?
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15                12.


                         BRIAN
               Yes. I'll let you have the photo
               IF...

     Brian picks up a book on the table.

                         BRIAN
               ...you let me have the first
               edition of The Velveteen Rabbit.

                         AUDREY
               Now, wait a minute.


6A   INT. JARDINE APARTMENT/KITCHEN - DAY                        6A

     In the kitchen, KATHY is re-furbishing a tray of pastries
     with new ones from a box from an Italian bakery. Pilar is
     beside her, cutting fruit for a pitcher of punch.


6B   INT. JARDINE APARTMENT/FAMILY AREA - DAY                    6B

     Jake is sipping some juice, like a cocktail, and looking at
     the art on the wall: a couple of oil paintings of Parisian
     streets in the wintertime of dubious quality doesn't arouse
     much interest, and he ends up in front of a vintage movie
     poster on the wall, with ahead of its time 60s graphics -
     probably the best piece of art in the apartment.

                         BRIAN (O.S.)
               Jake, come here.

     Jake goes to see his father, who's standing next to STU
     GERSHMAN, a well dressed gentleman in his 70's.

                         BRIAN
               Do you remember Grandpa's friend
               Stu Gershman?

                         JAKE
               I don't know.

                         STU GERSHMAN
               Look at you, all grown up now.
               How's school?

                         JAKE
               Okay.

                         STU GERSHMAN
               So, what kind of sports do you like
               to play?
                  Shooting Script 07/27/15              13.


Jake doesn't play any sports, and it's probably a point of
contention between father and son, given the sudden
uncomfortable moment of silence.

                    BRIAN
          He likes to draw and paint.

Jake blushes.

                    STU GERSHMAN
          So you'd like to be an illustrator
          when you grow up?

                    JAKE
          I don't know.

                    STU GERSHMAN
          Well, come here. Come here.

He pulls Jake in uncomfortably tight.

                    STU GERSHMAN
          I want to tell you a few things
          about your grandfather, Jake: he
          liked to play ball but was a
          horrible pitcher; he hated summer
          but went nuts seeing the ladies
          walk by in mini-skirts; and he was
          the most loyal friend you could
          have. Loyalty was his greatest
          quality.

                    BRIAN
          Aww... Thanks, Stu. Did you hear
          that, Jake?

Jake is saved from Stu by a knock on the door. He runs to
open it, and there she is: Leonor holding a beautiful cake.
Kathy, who also heard the knock, comes to see what's going
on.

                    LEONOR
          It's a dessert we make for special
          occasions in my country.

She hands the cake to Kathy.

                    LEONOR
          I hope you like it.

Jake watches everything.

                    KATHY
          Oh my God. You didn't have to.
                      Shooting Script 07/27/15                14.


                        LEONOR
              Max loved this cake, so I
              thought....

                        KATHY
              Come in. You should come in.

                           LEONOR
              It's okay.

                        KATHY
              Please. I insist.

                        LEONOR
              No, I just wanted to bring the
              cake.

                        KATHY
              Sorry if we didn't say anything
              earlier. Brian and I... we're both
              very tired. It's all been so fast.

                        LEONOR
              It's okay. I still have some
              paperwork to do at the store.

                        KATHY
              Thank you so much for this. It's
              very kind of you. Thank you.

    Leonor leaves, and Jake shuts the door. Kathy is left with
    the beautiful cake on her hands. She looks across the room
    and sees Brian, in the middle of a crowd, holding court,
    being a good actor.


7   INT. JARDINE HOUSE/STAIRWELL - NIGHT                            7

    Brian walks down the interior stairs of the house, carrying a
    heavy bag full of trash. At the bottom of the stairs, he
    turns and walks down the dark corridor that leads to the
    backyard.

    He finds the large metal trash containers, and throws the
    bags in.

    Alone for the first time all day, Brian is overtaken by
    memories and allows himself a good cry.


8   INT. CASTING OFFICE - DAY                                       8

    Brian is sitting at a table in a bare room, speaking in a
    strong Italian-American Brooklyn accent.
                  Shooting Script 07/27/15              15.


                    BRIAN
          I swear B, I'm surprised at you. I
          sit there waiting for you to wake
          up, but everything's great with
          you.

We see he is holding a script, next to SUZANNE, a famous
actress, who's also with a script in her hands. They are
reading from Arthur Miller's A View from the Bridge. Brian is
reading the role of "Eddie" as Suzanne plays his wife,
"Beatrice".

An OPERATOR tapes Brian's performance with a video camera on
a tripod.

                    SUZANNE
          No, everything ain't great with me.

                    BRIAN
          No?

                    SUZANNE
          No. But I got other worries.

                    BRIAN
          Why? What other worries you got?

                    SUZANNE
          When am I gonna be a wife again,
          Eddie?

                    BRIAN
          I ain't been feeling good. They
          bother me since they came.

                    SUZANNE
          It's almost three months you don't
          feel good. It's three months,
          Eddie.

                    BRIAN
          I don't know, B. I don't want to
          talk about it.

                    SUZANNE
          Nice! Okay.

Suzanne smiles at Brian, already out of character. But Brian
really would love to keep going.

                    BRIAN
          You go "you don't like me, heh?"
                  Shooting Script 07/27/15                 16.


Suzanne looks for help from the audience, gently cutting
Brian off.

                    DEBORAH (O.S.)
          That's good, Jardine.

The casting director, DEBORAH, sits with scripts and lists
under a reading light, and a male ASSISTANT next to her. A
DIRECTOR a PRODUCER, and a PRODUCER'S ASSISTANT sit next to
him.

                    SUZANNE
              (to the director)
          Yeah, I need a break.

                    DEBORAH
          Take a break, Suzanne.

Suzanne smiles again at Brian, and comes close to kiss him
goodbye.

                    SUZANNE
          I'm starving. I've been here since
          ten.

                       BRIAN
          Of course.

                    SUZANNE
          How's Kathy?

                    BRIAN
          She's good.

                    SUZANNE
          And your son?

                    BRIAN
          Jake. He's great. He's in seventh
          grade already.

                    SUZANNE
          Oh my God, I remember him running
          around backstage at The Lortel,
          when we did...

                    BRIAN
          Dark Rapture?

                    SUZANNE
          Yes! How old was he?

                    BRIAN
          Two. Three, maybe.
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15                17.


                        SUZANNE
              Time flies by.

                        BRIAN
              It really does.

                        SUZANNE
              Well, it was great to see you.

                        BRIAN
              Great to see you also, Suzanne.
              Maybe we'll see each other again
              soon.

                         SUZANNE
              I hope so.
                  (to the audience)
              Jamie? Do you have lunch for me?


9   EXT. CASTING OFFICE - DAY                                        9

    ROGER, Brian's agent, is standing outside the theater,
    texting on his phone. Brian comes out, and they begin to
    walk.

                        BRIAN
              She fucking hates me.

                        ROGER
              She doesn't hate you.

                        BRIAN
              Ever since B.U. She dropped out - I
              stayed and graduated. Every time
              we've seen each other since then,
              she always tries to prove that
              she's better than me.

                        ROGER
              You're paranoid. You did okay
              there.

                        BRIAN
              Did I?

                        ROGER
              Yes. But it's true that she'll have
              a say in who's cast as her husband.

                        BRIAN
              I'm telling you. She doesn't like
              me. I'm in a slump, Roger. You need
              to help me here.
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15                 18.


                         ROGER
               Listen, maybe Broadway is not the
               right way to go for you right now.

                         BRIAN
               I thought that was the strategy.

                         ROGER
               Why don't we go have some coffee?
               You have options. There are a bunch
               of things that could pan out. Let
               me just finish this.

     Roger goes back to his texting.


10   INT. JARDINE APARTMENT - DAY                                 10

     The apartment has been completely redone. The old furniture
     is out, more modern - if used - furniture is in. There's less
     stuff, so it looks more spacious. There are new appliances in
     the kitchen, and some of the art from Brian and Kathy's old
     Manhattan apartment now hangs on the walls, which have been
     newly painted with fresh colors. Brian, Kathy and Jake have
     moved in, and it looks really nice.

     There are still piles of plates and pans to be put away, and
     a few boxes on the floor by the kitchen. Pilar is taking
     stuff out of one of them. Plates and trays and things wrapped
     individually in bubble wrap and newspaper. Kathy unwraps them
     and looks for places in the kitchen cabinets to put them
     away.

     While she's putting them away, Pilar unwraps a beautiful
     crystal serving plate.

                         PILAR
               I don't remember this.

     Kathy takes a looks at it, trying to remember where it came
     from.

                         KATHY
               Oh my God. We took it home.


11   INT. CASA DE MODA/STORE - DAY                                11

     The store has women's clothes on display on simple racks,
     with a few chosen pieces shown on a large table. It's an old-
     fashioned store; the ambiance is simple and unsophisticated.

     BIANCA, a salesgirl, is showing a dress with floral patterns
     to a CUSTOMER as Kathy comes in, carrying the crystal plate.
                    Shooting Script 07/27/15            19.


She is going to say hello to the salesgirl, but doesn't want
to interrupt and goes directly towards Leonor, who is in the
back of the store behind a sewing machine, fixing the collar
of a shirt.

                     KATHY
          Leonor.

                    LEONOR
          Hi Kathy. The boys are in my
          office, in the back.

                    KATHY
          No, no. Look what I just found.

                    LEONOR
          It's my plate.

                    KATHY
          I think that night we just ended up
          taking everything back to our
          apartment. And then we put things
          away, and I forgot. I'm so sorry.

                    LEONOR
          No worries! Please.

                    KATHY
          It's a beautiful plate.

She takes it from Kathy's hand.

                    LEONOR
          Are you not working today?

                    KATHY
          I don't see patients on Monday. I
          need a day a week to organize my
          life, you know.

                    LEONOR
          Good for you.

                    KATHY
          The store looks cute.

                    LEONOR
          Huh... we're not doing so well.

                    KATHY
          I like that dress over there. The
          one with the floral patterns.
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15                 20.


                         LEONOR
               I love that one. You should try it
               on.

                         KATHY
               I have to go back-

                         LEONOR
               Oh, c'mon. It'll take a minute.


12   INT. CASA DE MODA/STORE - DAY                                12

     Kathy pulls open the curtain wearing the floral dress, and
     shows it to Leonor, who's waiting outside.

                         LEONOR
               Perfection.

     Kathy walks towards the mirror wearing the floral dress.

                         KATHY
               Are you sure? I don't know.

     Leonor comes with expert hands and pulls a pinch on the
     shoulder strap.

                         LEONOR
               It looks great. All you need is a
               little fixing up here, maybe a tiny
               bit tighter here on the waist. But
               the dress is beautiful.

                         KATHY
               How much is it?

                         LEONOR
               Whatever the price, I'll give you
               ten percent discount. Let me see.

     Leonor looks for a tag around the cuffs.

                         KATHY
               Did you make this?

                         LEONOR
               No. Not this one. But everything
               here is handmade by the designers.
               This one is two hundred and fifty.
               It's made by a woman named Talita -
               she's from Colombia, and very
               talented. They probably do it in
               their kitchens, you know what I
               mean? They're not famous. Yet.
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15              21.


13   INT. CASA DE MODA/OFFICE - DAY                              13

     There's a video game on the TV. Monsters and battles, and
     sound effects.

     And sitting in front of the TV set, taking it all in, are
     Jake and Tony. It's a small space in the back of the store
     that has been turned into an office - just a simple desk, a
     TV, a chair and a couch in the corner.

     Kathy comes in, dressed in the floral pattern dress. Leonor
     is right behind her.

                         KATHY
               Guys, what do you think?

     The boys don't move an inch, their attention 100% on the TV
     screen.

                         KATHY
               Jake? Jake, what is our deal?

     She turns to Leonor.

                         KATHY
               They're like zombies when they
               start playing these games.

                         JAKE
                   (eyes still on the screen)
               Mom. I'm on vacation!

                            KATHY
               So?

                         JAKE
               Dad said it was okay.

                         KATHY
               We have this rule in the house; no
               games during the week. And no
               internet before five either.

                         LEONOR
               But during vacation they have all
               this free time, and what are you
               going to do?

                         TONY
               Shhh! Quiet!!

                          LEONOR
               Antonio! Watch your tone of voice,
               por favor!
                          (MORE)
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15              22.

                         LEONOR (CONT'D)
                   (back to Kathy)
               When he's playing this stuff - I
               know it's not so good, but at least
               he's around, and I know where to
               find him.

     Tony pauses the game.

                         TONY
                   (polite)
               Mrs. Jardine. Maybe you will let us
               finish this level, please?

                         LEONOR
               That's better.

                          KATHY
               Sure, you can finish. But first you
               have to tell me: what do you think?
               The dress?

                         TONY
               Great. I actually thought it was
               yours.

                         KATHY
               Jake?

                         JAKE
               Love it. Love the flowers.

     The boys will say anything to get rid of their moms, so they
     can continue to play their game.


14   INT. JARDINE APARTMENT/JAKE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT               14

     On the wall of Jake's new bedroom is the vintage movie poster
     that used to belong to his grandfather. The room is painted
     in bright colors, with a small bed, a small desk - a young
     man's cocoon.

     Jake is on his bed, a sketch pad on his lap and his Caran
     d'Ache pencils next to him.

     The door opens. Brian comes in.

                         BRIAN
               Why don't you come help me prepare
               dinner?

                         JAKE
               Where's Mom?
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15            23.


                         BRIAN
               Your mother had an emergency with a
               patient. She's going to be late
               tonight.

                         JAKE
               Another suicide?

                         BRIAN
               Jake!


15   INT. JARDINE APARTMENT/KITCHEN - NIGHT                  15

     Brian washes greens for the salad, as Jake enters.

                         JAKE
               Dad, I can't find my drawings.

                         BRIAN
               What drawings? Help me cut these.

     Brian hands Jake vegetables from the sink.

                         JAKE
               The series I made on Percy Jackson.
               The sea of monsters?

                         BRIAN
               Those old drawings?

     Jake starts cutting vegetables julienne style, very
     carefully.

                         JAKE
               Yes.

                         BRIAN
               Did you look in the trunk?

                         JAKE
               Yes, Dad. I looked. They're not
               there.

                         BRIAN
               I don't know, Jake. Maybe they got
               thrown away.

                         JAKE
               Why would you do that? They're my
               drawings!

                         BRIAN
               Why don't you just make new ones.
                       Shooting Script 07/27/15              24.


                         JAKE
               New ones are never like the old
               ones!

     Jake wishes he could strangle his dad right now. He's truly
     upset.

                         BRIAN
               Jake. We moved. We got rid of
               furniture. We threw away clothes,
               and we gave books away. We have a
               new apartment.

                           JAKE
               So?

                         BRIAN
               Listen. Let me tell you something.
               It's good to get rid of stuff. It's
               hard at first, but then it feels
               really good. You have to learn to
               let go.

     Jake keeps cutting the vegetables. He's so angry, it's hard
     not to chop the zucchini into a million pieces....


16   INT. JARDINE APARTMENT/FAMILY AREA - NIGHT                16

     Brian and Jake are having dinner.

                         BRIAN
               I play Trigorin. He's a celebrated
               writer, and the boyfriend of a
               famous actress, Arkadina.

                         JAKE
               Why the weird names?

                         BRIAN
               Can I finish? Her son Konstantin is
               an aspiring writer who lives with
               his uncle Sorin in this dacha,
               where they all come together one
               summer to see his new play.

                           JAKE
               Finished?

                         BRIAN
               That's just the beginning,
               actually.
                          Shooting Script 07/27/15            25.


                          JAKE
                What's a dacha?

                          BRIAN
                A dacha is like a big country
                estate in Russia. That's where the
                whole thing takes place, and that's
                why the funny names. There's also
                Nina. She's the neighbors's
                daughter, who wants to be an
                actress. At first she seems to be
                in love with Konstantin but ends up
                having an affair with my character,
                Trigorin.

                          JAKE
                Sounds complicated.

                          BRIAN
                Well, it is complex. And
                unexpected. But it has a lot of
                humor in it too.

                             JAKE
                What part?

      The door opens, and Kathy comes in from work.

                          KATHY
                Good. You guys are already eating.

                             JAKE
                Hi Mom.

                          BRIAN
                How was it?

      Kathy drops her bag on a chair and goes to wash her hands
      before coming to join them at the table.

                          KATHY
                Fine. She's doing okay. The problem
                now is her husband.


16A   INT. JARDINE APARTMENT/BATHROOM - NIGHT                     16A

      Kathy is washing her hands in the sink.

                          KATHY
                But the last thing I want to do
                right now is talk about work. I'm
                starving.
                        Shooting Script 07/27/15              26.


16B   INT. JARDINE APARTMENT/FAMILY AREA - NIGHT               16B

      They're already having entrees, but the salad bowl is still
      on the table.

                          BRIAN
                I was just telling Jake about the
                play.

                          JAKE
                I thought you weren't working with
                the Terrain anymore. I thought you
                were going to do Broadway now.

      Kathy joins them and helps herself to a big plate.

                          BRIAN
                It's not that simple.

                           JAKE
                You said you weren't doing this non-
                profit stuff anymore. That the
                strategy was to reach "a wider
                audience".

                          BRIAN
                Well, things have changed.

                          KATHY
                Jake, you should applaud your
                father for being adaptable. That's
                what life is all about.

      Kathy's worn out. It's been a long day.


17    EXT. HERBERT VON KING PARK - DAY                          17

      A tree-filled park in the middle of a quiet Brooklyn
      neighborhood. On a grassy lawn, a GROUP OF BOYS, 12 to 15
      years old, are kicking a soccer ball into a goal. Two
      captains, UMAR and JOEY, are choosing one by one to form two
      teams.

      Tony rushes by on his scooter, fast. He avoids bumps - he
      knows the area by heart. As he approaches the group of boys,
      one of the boys tries to stop him.

                           UMAR
                Tony! Hey! Come play! We need one
                more here!
                        Shooting Script 07/27/15              27.


      But Tony doesn't stop, and now comes Jake behind on his
      ROLLER BLADES, trying to catch up. He's surprised by a bump
      on the road, makes a false move, and almost falls.

                          JOEY
                Oops! Watch out, Katy Perry!

      All the boys laugh. Jake is upset but keeps going, pretending
      he didn't hear anything.


17A   INT. JARDINE HOUSE/STAIRWELL - DAY                       17A

      The boys enter the foyer of an old NYC tenement apartment
      building. Tony carries his scooter, while Jake tries to take
      off his blades as fast as he can.

      They clomp up several flights.


18    INT. LEONOR'S APARTMENT - DAY                             18

      An old apartment, functional and in need of paint job. Modest
      furniture dominates the space, but there are a couple of eye
      catching art pieces; a large modernist painting and a
      striking sculpture. In a corner, there's a large bookshelf
      filled with books, but one corner has been turned into a bar
      with a few different types of glasses, and various liquor
      bottles.

      Leonor is in the living room preparing a drink next to HERN�N
      ALONSO, Latin, early 60's, dressed in a suit and tie. He
      stands close to Leonor, and leans over to help her with the
      drink. At this very moment, Jake and Tony burst in through
      the door.

                          TONY
                    (out of breath)
                Eight minutes and twenty three
                seconds!

      He throws his scooter on the floor and runs to the kitchen.
      Jake stays by the door, polite, waiting to greet the elders,
      roller blades in hand.